W-11170894: Returning a result set with SP (#1949)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: db/1.13/modules/ROOT/pages/database-stored-procedure.adoc

</db:stored-procedure>
----

== Returning a Result Set

> When you call a stored procedure that returns a result set, it is assigned to the payload by default. To change the returning result set, configure a *Target Variable* or a *Target Value* in the *Advanced* tab of the *Stored procedure* operation configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you call a stored procedure that returns a result set, the result set is assigned to the payload by default. To change the returning result set, configure a *Target Variable* or a *Target Value* in the *Advanced* tab of the *Stored procedure* operation configuration.
```

> The following example illustrates a MSSQL database that was initialized when creating a table named `languages` and stored procedure `myProc` that returns a result set:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example illustrates an MSSQL database that is initialized when creating a table named `languages` and a stored procedure named `myProc` that returns a result set:
```
